FACILITY AGREEMENT
dated [•] 2023
BORROWER: NewCo Acquisition Limited
ARRANGERS: Private Credit Fund I LP
FACILITY: EUR 250,000,000 Term Loan B Facility

SECTION 8. FINANCIAL COVENANTS

8.1 Leverage Ratio
The Borrower shall ensure that the Leverage Ratio in respect of each Relevant Period shall not exceed 5.50:1.
Testing: Semi-annually on June 30 and December 31 of each year.
For the purposes of this Clause:
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Consolidated Total Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA.
"Adjusted EBITDA" includes run-rate cost savings and synergies as agreed with the Agent.

8.2 Interest Cover
The Borrower shall ensure that the Interest Cover Ratio in respect of each Relevant Period shall not be less than 2.25:1.

SECTION 23. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

23.1 Non-payment
An Event of Default occurs if the Obligor does not pay on the due date any amount payable pursuant to a Finance Document at the place and in the currency in which it is expressed to be payable unless:
(a) its failure to pay is caused by an administrative or technical error; and
(b) payment is made within 7 Business Days of its due date.

23.2 Breach of financial covenants
An Event of Default occurs if the Borrower does not comply with the provisions of Clause 8 (Financial Covenants) and such breach continues unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of:
(a) the Borrower becoming aware of the breach; or
(b) the Agent giving notice to the Borrower of the breach.

23.3 Cross default
An Event of Default occurs if:
(a) any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Group is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
PROVIDED THAT:
(i) the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness exceeds EUR 10,000,000; and
(ii) the relevant member of the Group has exhausted all contractual cure rights.

SECTION 12. UNDERTAKINGS

12.1 Negative Pledge
No Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no other member of the Group will) create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets, EXCEPT:
(a) Permitted Security as defined in Schedule 4;
(b) Security arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of trading;
(c) Security over assets with aggregate value not exceeding EUR 15,000,000.

12.2 Disposals
No Obligor shall enter into a single transaction or series of transactions to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any asset EXCEPT:
(a) Disposals of obsolete or redundant assets on arm's length terms;
(b) Disposals not exceeding EUR 25,000,000 in aggregate in any Financial Year;
(c) Disposals to other members of the Group.

