FACILITY AGREEMENT
dated [•] 2023
BORROWER: Acme Industrial Group plc
ARRANGERS: [Major Bank] plc, [Another Bank] SA
FACILITY: EUR 500,000,000 Term Loan Facility

SECTION 8. FINANCIAL COVENANTS

8.1 Leverage Ratio
The Borrower shall ensure that the Leverage Ratio in respect of each Relevant Period shall not exceed 3.00:1.
For the purposes of this Clause:
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Consolidated Total Net Debt to Consolidated EBITDA.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve months ending on the last day of each Financial Quarter.

8.2 Interest Cover
The Borrower shall ensure that the Interest Cover Ratio in respect of each Relevant Period shall not be less than 4.00:1.
"Interest Cover" means the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Net Finance Charges.

SECTION 23. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

23.1 Non-payment
An Event of Default occurs if the Obligor does not pay on the due date any amount payable pursuant to a Finance Document at the place and in the currency in which it is expressed to be payable unless:
(a) its failure to pay is caused by an administrative or technical error or disruption to payment systems; and
(b) payment is made within 3 Business Days of its due date.

23.2 Breach of financial covenants
An Event of Default occurs if the Borrower does not comply with the provisions of Clause 8 (Financial Covenants).

23.3 Cross default
(a) An Event of Default occurs if:
    (i) any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Group is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
    (ii) any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Group is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity; or
    (iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Group is cancelled or suspended.

SECTION 11. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

11.1 Status
Each Obligor is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and (where relevant) in good standing under the law of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

11.2 Binding obligations
The obligations expressed to be assumed by each Obligor in each Finance Document are legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations.

11.3 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by each Obligor of the Finance Documents do not and will not conflict with:
(a) any law or regulation applicable to it;
(b) its constitutional documents; or
(c) any agreement or instrument binding upon it or any of its assets.

